feat: mention no proxy config in troubleshooting guide (#5678)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/troubleshooting.md

Secure connections to Zeebe require [HTTP/2 over TLS with protocol negotiation via ALPN](/self-managed/operational-guides/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md#zeebe-ingress-grpc). Ensure your proxy supports these features and does not forcefully downgrade the connection to HTTP/1.

> If the connection to Zeebe should not happen through a proxy, disable it through `NO_PROXY`:

Reviewer: I propose we make this a dedicated sub-section, because it contradicts the previous resolution.

```suggestion
### The connection to Zeebe should not happen through a proxy

If your system uses a proxy configuration but you explicitly want to exclude Zeebe hosts from that configuration, exclude them via `NO_PROXY`:
```

Author: Good point, I wasn't sure about that either. I made it into a separate section as suggested. See the updated screenshot above.
